You know those comments you are writing? They are not good enough, this has to be used everywhere.

Fix memory leak in 'SerialWidget::initOptionsWidget()' in file: 'serial_widget.cpp'

Add configurable limits for ServoBoard Max and Min values (ie. adjustable range) ex: 0-97
	-Factor out constants to a single file

Make servo bundles show up on the designer page.

Add a way to see current global values.

Convert the files to the markdown format so they are mroe readable, and include them in the wiki.

Maybe refactor some of the code out of position and sequence (how long should they be?)

Documentation for how to use the program included in the build.

Calculate if there is a problem with the time for a sweep to finish before the computer.

Temp file write on run and tab switch.

Make the locations update accurately for sweeps.

Make a way to set a default position that the board will snap to on failure.

Make servoboxes larger and and use them to display more data.

Add a way to show the number of times that a sequence has been played and the number of times that it will be played.

Add to sequence a check to see if it is compatible with the store commands.

Software only delay, shorter than what we have. Notate that these cannot be placed in hardware.

Respond to global values PWMSweep, PWM replay

Make the interactions for playing and pausing cleaner, maybe have buttons showing and hiding when they are (not) needed.

Factor out maps for PWMRepeat and SequenceRepeat to have one map for all classes.

Check if there are unsaved changes on close/load and prompt to save.

Make the interactions for playing and pausing cleaner, maybe have buttons showing and hiding when they are (not) needed.

Find out if the timer in ServoBoardController is leaking memory.

Make advanced options popup cleaner.

Add a way to drag and drop in SER and SERVO files to have them open over what is there.

Make a "live mode" where dragging the sliders/spin boxes makes an instant change on the board
	-can take 'snapshots' of a position and save it.
	-used to quickly build up a sequence.

Add an automatic updater to grab updates from a server.

Make a real style sheet for all the pages, add images to the play button ect. 
	-Make the background colors constant.

Turn trace into a complete hyperterminal replacment for debugging.

Make syntax highlighting look more usefull, display data better.

Emergency stop for runnning a sequence

Networking tab doesn't get a AbstactSerialPointer anymore, need to get it a pointer if needed.

Turn comments into Deoxygen format or similar to generate documentation.

Somebody get units tests all up in this stuff.

ADAM QUESTIONABLE DESIGN CHOICES

Static member used to track filename for save function. Not sure if that is The Right Thing.

Servoboard Controller pops up a few file dialogs and thus breaks MVC

Got rid of position inheriting QObject, it didn't need any of the function, and a copy constructor is great for such a small class.
